docs/BackgroundLayer.md, before:

<!-- This file was autogenerated from BackgroundLayer.js do not modify -->
## <MapboxGL.BackgroundLayer />
### 

### props
| Prop | Type | Default | Required | Description |
| ---- | :--: | :-----: | :------: | :----------: |
| id | `string` | `none` | `true` | A string that uniquely identifies the source in the style to which it is added. |
| sourceID | `string` | `MapboxGL.StyleSource.DefaultSourceID` | `false` | The source from which to obtain the data to style. If the source has not yet been added to the current style, the behavior is undefined. |
| sourceLayerID | `string` | `none` | `false` | Identifier of the layer within the source identified by the sourceID property from which the receiver obtains the data to style. |
| aboveLayerID | `string` | `none` | `false` | Inserts a layer above aboveLayerID. |
| belowLayerID | `string` | `none` | `false` | Inserts a layer below belowLayerID |
| layerIndex | `number` | `none` | `false` | Inserts a layer at a specified index |
| filter | `array` | `none` | `false` | Filter only the features in the source layer that satisfy a condition that you define |
| minZoomLevel | `number` | `none` | `false` | The minimum zoom level at which the layer gets parsed and appears. |
| maxZoomLevel | `number` | `none` | `false` | The maximum zoom level at which the layer gets parsed and appears. |
| style | `union` | `none` | `false` | Customizable style attributes |


### styles

* <a href="#name">visibility</a><br/>
* <a href="#name-1">backgroundColor</a><br/>
* <a href="#name-2">backgroundPattern</a><br/>
* <a href="#name-3">backgroundOpacity</a><br/>

___

#### Name
`visibility`

#### Description
Whether this layer is displayed.

#### Type
`enum`
#### Default Value
`visible`

#### Supported Values
**visible** - The layer is shown.<br />
**none** - The layer is not shown.<br />



___

#### Name
`backgroundColor`

#### Description
The color with which the background will be drawn.

#### Type
`color`
#### Default Value
`#000000`


#### Disabled By
`backgroundPattern`

#### Expression

Parameters: `zoom`
___

#### Name

`backgroundColorTransition`

#### Description

The transition affecting any changes to this layer’s backgroundColor propery.

#### Type

`{ duration, delay }`

#### Units
`milliseconds`

#### Default Value
`{duration: 300, delay: 0}`


___

#### Name
`backgroundPattern`

#### Description
Name of image in sprite to use for drawing an image background. For seamless patterns, image width and height must be a factor of two (2, 4, 8, ..., 512). Note that zoomDependent expressions will be evaluated only at integer zoom levels.

#### Type
`resolvedImage`


#### Expression

Parameters: `zoom`
___

#### Name

`backgroundPatternTransition`

#### Description

The transition affecting any changes to this layer’s backgroundPattern propery.

#### Type

`{ duration, delay }`

#### Units
`milliseconds`

#### Default Value
`{duration: 300, delay: 0}`


___

#### Name
`backgroundOpacity`

#### Description
The opacity at which the background will be drawn.

#### Type
`number`
#### Default Value
`1`

#### Minimum
`0`


#### Maximum
`1`

#### Expression

Parameters: `zoom`
___

#### Name

`backgroundOpacityTransition`

#### Description

The transition affecting any changes to this layer’s backgroundOpacity propery.

#### Type

`{ duration, delay }`

#### Units
`milliseconds`

#### Default Value
`{duration: 300, delay: 0}`

Commit message:

Clarify when sourceID is inferred in documentation

docs/BackgroundLayer.md, after:

<!-- This file was autogenerated from BackgroundLayer.js do not modify -->
## <MapboxGL.BackgroundLayer />
### 

### props
| Prop | Type | Default | Required | Description |
| ---- | :--: | :-----: | :------: | :----------: |
| id | `string` | `none` | `true` | A string that uniquely identifies the source in the style to which it is added. |
| sourceID | `string` | `MapboxGL.StyleSource.DefaultSourceID` | `false` | The source from which to obtain the data to style.<br/>If the source has not yet been added to the current style, the behavior is undefined.<br/>Inferred from parent source only if the layer is a direct child to it. |
| sourceLayerID | `string` | `none` | `false` | Identifier of the layer within the source identified by the sourceID property from which the receiver obtains the data to style. |
| aboveLayerID | `string` | `none` | `false` | Inserts a layer above aboveLayerID. |
| belowLayerID | `string` | `none` | `false` | Inserts a layer below belowLayerID |
| layerIndex | `number` | `none` | `false` | Inserts a layer at a specified index |
| filter | `array` | `none` | `false` | Filter only the features in the source layer that satisfy a condition that you define |
| minZoomLevel | `number` | `none` | `false` | The minimum zoom level at which the layer gets parsed and appears. |
| maxZoomLevel | `number` | `none` | `false` | The maximum zoom level at which the layer gets parsed and appears. |
| style | `union` | `none` | `false` | Customizable style attributes |


### styles

* <a href="#name">visibility</a><br/>
* <a href="#name-1">backgroundColor</a><br/>
* <a href="#name-2">backgroundPattern</a><br/>
* <a href="#name-3">backgroundOpacity</a><br/>

___

#### Name
`visibility`

#### Description
Whether this layer is displayed.

#### Type
`enum`
#### Default Value
`visible`

#### Supported Values
**visible** - The layer is shown.<br />
**none** - The layer is not shown.<br />



___

#### Name
`backgroundColor`

#### Description
The color with which the background will be drawn.

#### Type
`color`
#### Default Value
`#000000`


#### Disabled By
`backgroundPattern`

#### Expression

Parameters: `zoom`
___

#### Name

`backgroundColorTransition`

#### Description

The transition affecting any changes to this layer’s backgroundColor propery.

#### Type

`{ duration, delay }`

#### Units
`milliseconds`

#### Default Value
`{duration: 300, delay: 0}`


___

#### Name
`backgroundPattern`

#### Description
Name of image in sprite to use for drawing an image background. For seamless patterns, image width and height must be a factor of two (2, 4, 8, ..., 512). Note that zoomDependent expressions will be evaluated only at integer zoom levels.

#### Type
`resolvedImage`


#### Expression

Parameters: `zoom`
___

#### Name

`backgroundPatternTransition`

#### Description

The transition affecting any changes to this layer’s backgroundPattern propery.

#### Type

`{ duration, delay }`

#### Units
`milliseconds`

#### Default Value
`{duration: 300, delay: 0}`


___

#### Name
`backgroundOpacity`

#### Description
The opacity at which the background will be drawn.

#### Type
`number`
#### Default Value
`1`

#### Minimum
`0`


#### Maximum
`1`

#### Expression

Parameters: `zoom`
___

#### Name

`backgroundOpacityTransition`

#### Description

The transition affecting any changes to this layer’s backgroundOpacity propery.

#### Type

`{ duration, delay }`

#### Units
`milliseconds`

#### Default Value
`{duration: 300, delay: 0}`
