docs/CircleLayer.md, before:

<!-- This file was autogenerated from CircleLayer.js do not modify -->
## <MapboxGL.CircleLayer />
### CircleLayer is a style layer that renders one or more filled circles on the map.

### props
| Prop | Type | Default | Required | Description |
| ---- | :--: | :-----: | :------: | :----------: |
| id | `string` | `none` | `true` | A string that uniquely identifies the source in the style to which it is added. |
| sourceID | `string` | `MapboxGL.StyleSource.DefaultSourceID` | `false` | The source from which to obtain the data to style.<br/>If the source has not yet been added to the current style, the behavior is undefined. |
| sourceLayerID | `string` | `none` | `false` | Identifier of the layer within the source identified by the sourceID property<br/>from which the receiver obtains the data to style. |
| aboveLayerID | `string` | `none` | `false` | Inserts a layer above aboveLayerID. |
| belowLayerID | `string` | `none` | `false` | Inserts a layer below belowLayerID |
| layerIndex | `number` | `none` | `false` | Inserts a layer at a specified index |
| filter | `array` | `none` | `false` | Filter only the features in the source layer that satisfy a condition that you define |
| minZoomLevel | `number` | `none` | `false` | The minimum zoom level at which the layer gets parsed and appears. |
| maxZoomLevel | `number` | `none` | `false` | The maximum zoom level at which the layer gets parsed and appears. |
| style | `union` | `none` | `false` | Customizable style attributes |


### styles

* <a href="#name">visibility</a><br/>
* <a href="#name-1">circleRadius</a><br/>
* <a href="#name-2">circleColor</a><br/>
* <a href="#name-3">circleBlur</a><br/>
* <a href="#name-4">circleOpacity</a><br/>
* <a href="#name-5">circleTranslate</a><br/>
* <a href="#name-6">circleTranslateAnchor</a><br/>
* <a href="#name-7">circlePitchScale</a><br/>
* <a href="#name-8">circlePitchAlignment</a><br/>
* <a href="#name-9">circleStrokeWidth</a><br/>
* <a href="#name-10">circleStrokeColor</a><br/>
* <a href="#name-11">circleStrokeOpacity</a><br/>

___

#### Name
`visibility`

#### Description
Whether this layer is displayed.

#### Type
`enum`
#### Default Value
`visible`

#### Supported Values
**visible** - The layer is shown.<br />
**none** - The layer is not shown.<br />



___

#### Name
`circleRadius`

#### Description
Circle radius.

#### Type
`number`
#### Default Value
`5`

#### Units
`pixels`

#### Minimum
`0`


#### Expression

Parameters: `zoom, feature, feature-state`
___

#### Name

`circleRadiusTransition`

#### Description

The transition affecting any changes to this layer’s circleRadius propery.

#### Type

`{ duration, delay }`

#### Units
`milliseconds`

#### Default Value
`{duration: 300, delay: 0}`


___

#### Name
`circleColor`

#### Description
The fill color of the circle.

#### Type
`color`
#### Default Value
`#000000`


#### Expression

Parameters: `zoom, feature, feature-state`
___

#### Name

`circleColorTransition`

#### Description

The transition affecting any changes to this layer’s circleColor propery.

#### Type

`{ duration, delay }`

#### Units
`milliseconds`

#### Default Value
`{duration: 300, delay: 0}`


___

#### Name
`circleBlur`

#### Description
Amount to blur the circle. 1 blurs the circle such that only the centerpoint is full opacity.

#### Type
`number`
#### Default Value
`0`


#### Expression

Parameters: `zoom, feature, feature-state`
___

#### Name

`circleBlurTransition`

#### Description

The transition affecting any changes to this layer’s circleBlur propery.

#### Type

`{ duration, delay }`

#### Units
`milliseconds`

#### Default Value
`{duration: 300, delay: 0}`


___

#### Name
`circleOpacity`

#### Description
The opacity at which the circle will be drawn.

#### Type
`number`
#### Default Value
`1`

#### Minimum
`0`


#### Maximum
`1`

#### Expression

Parameters: `zoom, feature, feature-state`
___

#### Name

`circleOpacityTransition`

#### Description

The transition affecting any changes to this layer’s circleOpacity propery.

#### Type

`{ duration, delay }`

#### Units
`milliseconds`

#### Default Value
`{duration: 300, delay: 0}`


___

#### Name
`circleTranslate`

#### Description
The geometry's offset. Values are [x, y] where negatives indicate left and up, respectively.

#### Type
`array<number>`
#### Default Value
`[0,0]`

#### Units
`pixels`


#### Expression

Parameters: `zoom`
___

#### Name

`circleTranslateTransition`

#### Description

The transition affecting any changes to this layer’s circleTranslate propery.

#### Type

`{ duration, delay }`

#### Units
`milliseconds`

#### Default Value
`{duration: 300, delay: 0}`


___

#### Name
`circleTranslateAnchor`

#### Description
Controls the frame of reference for `circleTranslate`.

#### Type
`enum`
#### Default Value
`map`

#### Supported Values
**map** - The circle is translated relative to the map.<br />
**viewport** - The circle is translated relative to the viewport.<br />


#### Requires
`circleTranslate`

#### Expression

Parameters: `zoom`

___

#### Name
`circlePitchScale`

#### Description
Controls the scaling behavior of the circle when the map is pitched.

#### Type
`enum`
#### Default Value
`map`

#### Supported Values
**map** - Circles are scaled according to their apparent distance to the camera.<br />
**viewport** - Circles are not scaled.<br />


#### Expression

Parameters: `zoom`

___

#### Name
`circlePitchAlignment`

#### Description
Orientation of circle when map is pitched.

#### Type
`enum`
#### Default Value
`viewport`

#### Supported Values
**map** - The circle is aligned to the plane of the map.<br />
**viewport** - The circle is aligned to the plane of the viewport.<br />


#### Expression

Parameters: `zoom`

___

#### Name
`circleStrokeWidth`

#### Description
The width of the circle's stroke. Strokes are placed outside of the `circleRadius`.

#### Type
`number`
#### Default Value
`0`

#### Units
`pixels`

#### Minimum
`0`


#### Expression

Parameters: `zoom, feature, feature-state`
___

#### Name

`circleStrokeWidthTransition`

#### Description

The transition affecting any changes to this layer’s circleStrokeWidth propery.

#### Type

`{ duration, delay }`

#### Units
`milliseconds`

#### Default Value
`{duration: 300, delay: 0}`


___

#### Name
`circleStrokeColor`

#### Description
The stroke color of the circle.

#### Type
`color`
#### Default Value
`#000000`


#### Expression

Parameters: `zoom, feature, feature-state`
___

#### Name

`circleStrokeColorTransition`

#### Description

The transition affecting any changes to this layer’s circleStrokeColor propery.

#### Type

`{ duration, delay }`

#### Units
`milliseconds`

#### Default Value
`{duration: 300, delay: 0}`


___

#### Name
`circleStrokeOpacity`

#### Description
The opacity of the circle's stroke.

#### Type
`number`
#### Default Value
`1`

#### Minimum
`0`


#### Maximum
`1`

#### Expression

Parameters: `zoom, feature, feature-state`
___

#### Name

`circleStrokeOpacityTransition`

#### Description

The transition affecting any changes to this layer’s circleStrokeOpacity propery.

#### Type

`{ duration, delay }`

#### Units
`milliseconds`

#### Default Value
`{duration: 300, delay: 0}`

Commit message:

Clarify when sourceID is inferred in documentation

docs/CircleLayer.md, after:

<!-- This file was autogenerated from CircleLayer.js do not modify -->
## <MapboxGL.CircleLayer />
### CircleLayer is a style layer that renders one or more filled circles on the map.

### props
| Prop | Type | Default | Required | Description |
| ---- | :--: | :-----: | :------: | :----------: |
| id | `string` | `none` | `true` | A string that uniquely identifies the source in the style to which it is added. |
| sourceID | `string` | `MapboxGL.StyleSource.DefaultSourceID` | `false` | The source from which to obtain the data to style.<br/>If the source has not yet been added to the current style, the behavior is undefined.<br/>Inferred from parent source only if the layer is a direct child to it. |
| sourceLayerID | `string` | `none` | `false` | Identifier of the layer within the source identified by the sourceID property<br/>from which the receiver obtains the data to style. |
| aboveLayerID | `string` | `none` | `false` | Inserts a layer above aboveLayerID. |
| belowLayerID | `string` | `none` | `false` | Inserts a layer below belowLayerID |
| layerIndex | `number` | `none` | `false` | Inserts a layer at a specified index |
| filter | `array` | `none` | `false` | Filter only the features in the source layer that satisfy a condition that you define |
| minZoomLevel | `number` | `none` | `false` | The minimum zoom level at which the layer gets parsed and appears. |
| maxZoomLevel | `number` | `none` | `false` | The maximum zoom level at which the layer gets parsed and appears. |
| style | `union` | `none` | `false` | Customizable style attributes |


### styles

* <a href="#name">visibility</a><br/>
* <a href="#name-1">circleRadius</a><br/>
* <a href="#name-2">circleColor</a><br/>
* <a href="#name-3">circleBlur</a><br/>
* <a href="#name-4">circleOpacity</a><br/>
* <a href="#name-5">circleTranslate</a><br/>
* <a href="#name-6">circleTranslateAnchor</a><br/>
* <a href="#name-7">circlePitchScale</a><br/>
* <a href="#name-8">circlePitchAlignment</a><br/>
* <a href="#name-9">circleStrokeWidth</a><br/>
* <a href="#name-10">circleStrokeColor</a><br/>
* <a href="#name-11">circleStrokeOpacity</a><br/>

___

#### Name
`visibility`

#### Description
Whether this layer is displayed.

#### Type
`enum`
#### Default Value
`visible`

#### Supported Values
**visible** - The layer is shown.<br />
**none** - The layer is not shown.<br />



___

#### Name
`circleRadius`

#### Description
Circle radius.

#### Type
`number`
#### Default Value
`5`

#### Units
`pixels`

#### Minimum
`0`


#### Expression

Parameters: `zoom, feature, feature-state`
___

#### Name

`circleRadiusTransition`

#### Description

The transition affecting any changes to this layer’s circleRadius propery.

#### Type

`{ duration, delay }`

#### Units
`milliseconds`

#### Default Value
`{duration: 300, delay: 0}`


___

#### Name
`circleColor`

#### Description
The fill color of the circle.

#### Type
`color`
#### Default Value
`#000000`


#### Expression

Parameters: `zoom, feature, feature-state`
___

#### Name

`circleColorTransition`

#### Description

The transition affecting any changes to this layer’s circleColor propery.

#### Type

`{ duration, delay }`

#### Units
`milliseconds`

#### Default Value
`{duration: 300, delay: 0}`


___

#### Name
`circleBlur`

#### Description
Amount to blur the circle. 1 blurs the circle such that only the centerpoint is full opacity.

#### Type
`number`
#### Default Value
`0`


#### Expression

Parameters: `zoom, feature, feature-state`
___

#### Name

`circleBlurTransition`

#### Description

The transition affecting any changes to this layer’s circleBlur propery.

#### Type

`{ duration, delay }`

#### Units
`milliseconds`

#### Default Value
`{duration: 300, delay: 0}`


___

#### Name
`circleOpacity`

#### Description
The opacity at which the circle will be drawn.

#### Type
`number`
#### Default Value
`1`

#### Minimum
`0`


#### Maximum
`1`

#### Expression

Parameters: `zoom, feature, feature-state`
___

#### Name

`circleOpacityTransition`

#### Description

The transition affecting any changes to this layer’s circleOpacity propery.

#### Type

`{ duration, delay }`

#### Units
`milliseconds`

#### Default Value
`{duration: 300, delay: 0}`


___

#### Name
`circleTranslate`

#### Description
The geometry's offset. Values are [x, y] where negatives indicate left and up, respectively.

#### Type
`array<number>`
#### Default Value
`[0,0]`

#### Units
`pixels`


#### Expression

Parameters: `zoom`
___

#### Name

`circleTranslateTransition`

#### Description

The transition affecting any changes to this layer’s circleTranslate propery.

#### Type

`{ duration, delay }`

#### Units
`milliseconds`

#### Default Value
`{duration: 300, delay: 0}`


___

#### Name
`circleTranslateAnchor`

#### Description
Controls the frame of reference for `circleTranslate`.

#### Type
`enum`
#### Default Value
`map`

#### Supported Values
**map** - The circle is translated relative to the map.<br />
**viewport** - The circle is translated relative to the viewport.<br />


#### Requires
`circleTranslate`

#### Expression

Parameters: `zoom`

___

#### Name
`circlePitchScale`

#### Description
Controls the scaling behavior of the circle when the map is pitched.

#### Type
`enum`
#### Default Value
`map`

#### Supported Values
**map** - Circles are scaled according to their apparent distance to the camera.<br />
**viewport** - Circles are not scaled.<br />


#### Expression

Parameters: `zoom`

___

#### Name
`circlePitchAlignment`

#### Description
Orientation of circle when map is pitched.

#### Type
`enum`
#### Default Value
`viewport`

#### Supported Values
**map** - The circle is aligned to the plane of the map.<br />
**viewport** - The circle is aligned to the plane of the viewport.<br />


#### Expression

Parameters: `zoom`

___

#### Name
`circleStrokeWidth`

#### Description
The width of the circle's stroke. Strokes are placed outside of the `circleRadius`.

#### Type
`number`
#### Default Value
`0`

#### Units
`pixels`

#### Minimum
`0`


#### Expression

Parameters: `zoom, feature, feature-state`
___

#### Name

`circleStrokeWidthTransition`

#### Description

The transition affecting any changes to this layer’s circleStrokeWidth propery.

#### Type

`{ duration, delay }`

#### Units
`milliseconds`

#### Default Value
`{duration: 300, delay: 0}`


___

#### Name
`circleStrokeColor`

#### Description
The stroke color of the circle.

#### Type
`color`
#### Default Value
`#000000`


#### Expression

Parameters: `zoom, feature, feature-state`
___

#### Name

`circleStrokeColorTransition`

#### Description

The transition affecting any changes to this layer’s circleStrokeColor propery.

#### Type

`{ duration, delay }`

#### Units
`milliseconds`

#### Default Value
`{duration: 300, delay: 0}`


___

#### Name
`circleStrokeOpacity`

#### Description
The opacity of the circle's stroke.

#### Type
`number`
#### Default Value
`1`

#### Minimum
`0`


#### Maximum
`1`

#### Expression

Parameters: `zoom, feature, feature-state`
___

#### Name

`circleStrokeOpacityTransition`

#### Description

The transition affecting any changes to this layer’s circleStrokeOpacity propery.

#### Type

`{ duration, delay }`

#### Units
`milliseconds`

#### Default Value
`{duration: 300, delay: 0}`
