docs/HeatmapLayer.md, before:

<!-- This file was autogenerated from HeatmapLayer.js do not modify -->
## <MapboxGL.HeatmapLayer />
### HeatmapLayer is a style layer that renders one or more filled circles on the map.

### props
| Prop | Type | Default | Required | Description |
| ---- | :--: | :-----: | :------: | :----------: |
| id | `string` | `none` | `true` | A string that uniquely identifies the source in the style to which it is added. |
| sourceID | `string` | `MapboxGL.StyleSource.DefaultSourceID` | `false` | The source from which to obtain the data to style.<br/>If the source has not yet been added to the current style, the behavior is undefined. |
| sourceLayerID | `string` | `none` | `false` | Identifier of the layer within the source identified by the sourceID property<br/>from which the receiver obtains the data to style. |
| aboveLayerID | `string` | `none` | `false` | Inserts a layer above aboveLayerID. |
| belowLayerID | `string` | `none` | `false` | Inserts a layer below belowLayerID |
| layerIndex | `number` | `none` | `false` | Inserts a layer at a specified index |
| filter | `array` | `none` | `false` | Filter only the features in the source layer that satisfy a condition that you define |
| minZoomLevel | `number` | `none` | `false` | The minimum zoom level at which the layer gets parsed and appears. |
| maxZoomLevel | `number` | `none` | `false` | The maximum zoom level at which the layer gets parsed and appears. |
| style | `union` | `none` | `false` | Customizable style attributes |


### styles

* <a href="#name">visibility</a><br/>
* <a href="#name-1">heatmapRadius</a><br/>
* <a href="#name-2">heatmapWeight</a><br/>
* <a href="#name-3">heatmapIntensity</a><br/>
* <a href="#name-4">heatmapColor</a><br/>
* <a href="#name-5">heatmapOpacity</a><br/>

___

#### Name
`visibility`

#### Description
Whether this layer is displayed.

#### Type
`enum`
#### Default Value
`visible`

#### Supported Values
**visible** - The layer is shown.<br />
**none** - The layer is not shown.<br />



___

#### Name
`heatmapRadius`

#### Description
Radius of influence of one heatmap point in pixels. Increasing the value makes the heatmap smoother, but less detailed.

#### Type
`number`
#### Default Value
`30`

#### Units
`pixels`

#### Minimum
`1`


#### Expression

Parameters: `zoom, feature, feature-state`
___

#### Name

`heatmapRadiusTransition`

#### Description

The transition affecting any changes to this layer’s heatmapRadius propery.

#### Type

`{ duration, delay }`

#### Units
`milliseconds`

#### Default Value
`{duration: 300, delay: 0}`


___

#### Name
`heatmapWeight`

#### Description
A measure of how much an individual point contributes to the heatmap. A value of 10 would be equivalent to having 10 points of weight 1 in the same spot. Especially useful when combined with clustering.

#### Type
`number`
#### Default Value
`1`

#### Minimum
`0`


#### Expression

Parameters: `zoom, feature, feature-state`

___

#### Name
`heatmapIntensity`

#### Description
Similar to `heatmapWeight` but controls the intensity of the heatmap globally. Primarily used for adjusting the heatmap based on zoom level.

#### Type
`number`
#### Default Value
`1`

#### Minimum
`0`


#### Expression

Parameters: `zoom`
___

#### Name

`heatmapIntensityTransition`

#### Description

The transition affecting any changes to this layer’s heatmapIntensity propery.

#### Type

`{ duration, delay }`

#### Units
`milliseconds`

#### Default Value
`{duration: 300, delay: 0}`


___

#### Name
`heatmapColor`

#### Description
Defines the color of each pixel based on its density value in a heatmap.  Should be an expression that uses `["heatmapDensity"]` as input.

#### Type
`color`
#### Default Value
`interpolate,linear,heatmap-density,0,rgba(0, 0, 255, 0),0.1,royalblue,0.3,cyan,0.5,lime,0.7,yellow,1,red`


#### Expression

Parameters: `heatmap-density`

___

#### Name
`heatmapOpacity`

#### Description
The global opacity at which the heatmap layer will be drawn.

#### Type
`number`
#### Default Value
`1`

#### Minimum
`0`


#### Maximum
`1`

#### Expression

Parameters: `zoom`
___

#### Name

`heatmapOpacityTransition`

#### Description

The transition affecting any changes to this layer’s heatmapOpacity propery.

#### Type

`{ duration, delay }`

#### Units
`milliseconds`

#### Default Value
`{duration: 300, delay: 0}`

Commit message:

Clarify when sourceID is inferred in documentation

docs/HeatmapLayer.md, after:

<!-- This file was autogenerated from HeatmapLayer.js do not modify -->
## <MapboxGL.HeatmapLayer />
### HeatmapLayer is a style layer that renders one or more filled circles on the map.

### props
| Prop | Type | Default | Required | Description |
| ---- | :--: | :-----: | :------: | :----------: |
| id | `string` | `none` | `true` | A string that uniquely identifies the source in the style to which it is added. |
| sourceID | `string` | `MapboxGL.StyleSource.DefaultSourceID` | `false` | The source from which to obtain the data to style.<br/>If the source has not yet been added to the current style, the behavior is undefined.<br/>Inferred from parent source only if the layer is a direct child to it. |
| sourceLayerID | `string` | `none` | `false` | Identifier of the layer within the source identified by the sourceID property<br/>from which the receiver obtains the data to style. |
| aboveLayerID | `string` | `none` | `false` | Inserts a layer above aboveLayerID. |
| belowLayerID | `string` | `none` | `false` | Inserts a layer below belowLayerID |
| layerIndex | `number` | `none` | `false` | Inserts a layer at a specified index |
| filter | `array` | `none` | `false` | Filter only the features in the source layer that satisfy a condition that you define |
| minZoomLevel | `number` | `none` | `false` | The minimum zoom level at which the layer gets parsed and appears. |
| maxZoomLevel | `number` | `none` | `false` | The maximum zoom level at which the layer gets parsed and appears. |
| style | `union` | `none` | `false` | Customizable style attributes |


### styles

* <a href="#name">visibility</a><br/>
* <a href="#name-1">heatmapRadius</a><br/>
* <a href="#name-2">heatmapWeight</a><br/>
* <a href="#name-3">heatmapIntensity</a><br/>
* <a href="#name-4">heatmapColor</a><br/>
* <a href="#name-5">heatmapOpacity</a><br/>

___

#### Name
`visibility`

#### Description
Whether this layer is displayed.

#### Type
`enum`
#### Default Value
`visible`

#### Supported Values
**visible** - The layer is shown.<br />
**none** - The layer is not shown.<br />



___

#### Name
`heatmapRadius`

#### Description
Radius of influence of one heatmap point in pixels. Increasing the value makes the heatmap smoother, but less detailed.

#### Type
`number`
#### Default Value
`30`

#### Units
`pixels`

#### Minimum
`1`


#### Expression

Parameters: `zoom, feature, feature-state`
___

#### Name

`heatmapRadiusTransition`

#### Description

The transition affecting any changes to this layer’s heatmapRadius propery.

#### Type

`{ duration, delay }`

#### Units
`milliseconds`

#### Default Value
`{duration: 300, delay: 0}`


___

#### Name
`heatmapWeight`

#### Description
A measure of how much an individual point contributes to the heatmap. A value of 10 would be equivalent to having 10 points of weight 1 in the same spot. Especially useful when combined with clustering.

#### Type
`number`
#### Default Value
`1`

#### Minimum
`0`


#### Expression

Parameters: `zoom, feature, feature-state`

___

#### Name
`heatmapIntensity`

#### Description
Similar to `heatmapWeight` but controls the intensity of the heatmap globally. Primarily used for adjusting the heatmap based on zoom level.

#### Type
`number`
#### Default Value
`1`

#### Minimum
`0`


#### Expression

Parameters: `zoom`
___

#### Name

`heatmapIntensityTransition`

#### Description

The transition affecting any changes to this layer’s heatmapIntensity propery.

#### Type

`{ duration, delay }`

#### Units
`milliseconds`

#### Default Value
`{duration: 300, delay: 0}`


___

#### Name
`heatmapColor`

#### Description
Defines the color of each pixel based on its density value in a heatmap.  Should be an expression that uses `["heatmapDensity"]` as input.

#### Type
`color`
#### Default Value
`interpolate,linear,heatmap-density,0,rgba(0, 0, 255, 0),0.1,royalblue,0.3,cyan,0.5,lime,0.7,yellow,1,red`


#### Expression

Parameters: `heatmap-density`

___

#### Name
`heatmapOpacity`

#### Description
The global opacity at which the heatmap layer will be drawn.

#### Type
`number`
#### Default Value
`1`

#### Minimum
`0`


#### Maximum
`1`

#### Expression

Parameters: `zoom`
___

#### Name

`heatmapOpacityTransition`

#### Description

The transition affecting any changes to this layer’s heatmapOpacity propery.

#### Type

`{ duration, delay }`

#### Units
`milliseconds`

#### Default Value
`{duration: 300, delay: 0}`
